To run tests, go to main FreeWRL directory, and type:

./freewrl tests/x.wrl

where x is the test number.

Notes:

1.wrl:	A cone.

1.xml:  X3D box with texture mapped.

2.wrl:	MultiTexture test.

3.wrl:	A "flat" staircase.

4.wrl:	This should rotate around central red column.

5.wrl:	Arrows and yellow cube.

6.wrl:	Rotating Red Cones.

7.wrl:	Rotating Red and Blue Cones.

8.wrl:	Moving boxes. Click on the red arrows.

9.wrl:	Moving pink cube/red sphere. 3 cornered triangular movement.

10.wrl:	Two vectors that you can manipulate with the mouse; and their
	sum, cross product, and difference move. (JAS - Click on one of
	the points of the yellow arrows, and move the mouse. The vectors
	should change. )

11.wrl:	pointset test.

12.wrl:	indexed lineset test.

13.wrl:	indexed face set test.

14.wrl:	indexed face set test (concave).

15.wrl:	Circular arc.

16.wrl:	Flying blimp pulling a coke can.

	This is a world to test the headlight toggle ("h" key).


17.wrl:	Simple Externproto test.

18.wrl:	different viewpoints. hit the "v" key to change.

19.wrl:	A Simple "tinman" avatar.

20.wrl:	A cone with a bookcase texture superimposed over it.

21.wrl: A bookcase.

22.wrl: A finger. click on any joint.

23.wrl:

24.wrl: HUD simple display. Bottom cube stays put when you
	navigate. from
		http://www.vapourtech.com/vrmlguide/workshop/hud/

25.wrl: Background binding - click on the objects to change them.
	from the VRML source book, fig 22.4

26.wrl: Background images.

27.wrl: Bouncing ball. Click on the ball. (from Jed Hartman)

28.wrl: Rectangle with a bookcase image mapped on it.

29.wrl: Textured sphere with vertical stripes and arrows going
        up. Stripes should appear, left to right, as dark red, dark
        green, dark blue, black, dark cyan and white.

30.wrl: An IndexedFaceSet with RGBA Color nodes.

31.wrl: A set of "camera" like objects. Uses a DEF'd Inline node which has
        "camera.wrl" as url.

32.wrl: Contains "cameras" and a "common kitchen utensil".

33.wrl: A "big" transparent set of Cones. Shows sorting of nodes,
	and rendering of transparency.

34.wrl: The noodle drain with a the original texture mapped on it.

35.wrl:	Texture and Texturetransform tests on 4 shapes. Repeating
	turned off.

36.wrl: Same as above, but with image repeating not turned on.

37.wrl:	Same as 36.wrl, but with textures rotated.

38.wrl:	Texture Blending example.

39.wrl:	Texture Blending Example. This one shows a FreeWRL problem;
	read the Info node in the wrl file for a full explanation.

40.wrl:	Large IndexFaceSet example - concave.

41.wrl:	Extrusion test: an animated snake.

42.wrl: Extrusion test: a bottle.

43.wrl: Extrusion test: Torroid.

44.wrl: Extrusion test: neat slide?

45.wrl:	PixelTexture test.

46.wrl:	javascript addchild test.

47.wrl: javascript bouncing ball test.

48.wrl: PlaneSensor. Drag the buttons on the cube...

49.wrl: Text test.

Synth:
	A 3D representation of a music synthesizer. Uses other programs
	to help drive an external synthesizer.

AddRemove:
	Java applet with EAI add/remove button. Run the script "standalone"
	in the directory - check paths for everything, as it is dependent
	on these, or run it from within netscape. Also, read the "README"
	in the directory.

AddRoute:
	Java applet with EAI add/remove/addroute/removeroute buttons.
	Check paths, etc, and have fun!

Tiny3D:
	Java applet with EAI to create a scene. Run the script "standalone"
	in the directory - check paths for everything, as it is dependent
	on these, or run it from within netscape. Also, read the "README"
	in the directory.

Tic-Tac-Toe:
	Java applet with EAI code to play tic-tac-toe. Run the script
	in the directory - check paths for everything, as it is dependent
	on these, or run it from within netscape. Also, read the "README"
	in the directory.

CreateTest:
	Java applet with EAI. Run the script
	in the directory - check paths for everything, as it is dependent
	on these, or run it from within netscape. Also, read the "README"
	in the directory.

SAIColor:
	SAI example. Please read the README in the directory.

SAIClick:
	SAI example. Please read the README in the directory.

SAITic-Tac-Toe:
	SAI example of the Tic-Tac-Toe program. Please read the README
	in the directory.


helpers:
	Misc. directory of included files for the above tests.

